Fix #993 issue (#994)
mschermann/data_viz_reader: 04-patterns.Rmd

### Keep It Simple
Analytic results shouldn’t be presented to 10 decimal places when the user doesn’t need that level of precision to make a decision or understand a concept. Effective visual interfaces avoid 3-D effects or ornate gauge designs (a.k.a. “chart junk”) when simple numbers, maps or graphs will suffice.

### Graph Integrity

> "Graphics were used as instruments for reasoning quantitative information. With this good exmaple ,graphical workd has come to flourish.Graphical excellence begin with telling the truth about the data(Tufte,2001)".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"Graphics were used as instruments for reasoning quantitative information. With this example, graphical work has come to flourish. Graphical excellence begins with telling the truth about the data (Tufte,2001)".
```

> In Tufte's "The Visual Display of Quantitative Information" book ,he explained how to create a graph integrity visualization with a whole chapter, vey useful and important examples can be found in the book. Following are some examples:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Tufte's "The Visual Display of Quantitative Information" book, an entire chapter is dedicated to graphical integrity in visualizations. Very useful and important examples can be found in the book. Following are some examples:
```
